My spa day

Author: radicalomo

*000*2025-11-26 04:23

This story has themes of enemas, messing, diapers, and bellyaches!!

I had my spa day yesterday :3

First, I prepared my room for a lazy day. My bed was made with both my blankets and I piled comic books and feel good manga on it. I spent the majority of my day eating trigger foods while Glitch massaged my belly just so to get it to ache. It stung and gurgled and was gassy and full. I love having aah achy belly, as it makes me feel so helpless and little.

I filled up on tea to get myself nice and desperate to pee. Once my bladder was throbbing my full, I went to the bathroom, peed a bit into a disposable bowl, and settled into a warm bath, where I massaged my aching belly and bladder until I peed the rest into the bath. It felt really relaxing and calming, despite being in a pool of my own piss. I soaked there for around 10 minutes before draining the bath and using my bowl full of pee to give myself a golden shower and wash my hair. It was still lukewarm and kind of smelly. I sat there soaked in my own pee for a moment, savoring how gross and pathetic I was being. After only a moment I had a proper shower to clean up. Then, I put on pjs and a diaper and went to my room.

I spent two hours peeing in my diaper before taking it off, wrapping my head in it, and napping for 30 minutes. It was both comforting and really demeaning. I felt gross and stupid. The warmth of the pee rubbed against my face and made me feel all grimy. After that, I put it back on and took my enema.

I used a special recipe of clean bottled water, a tablespoon of sugar, and a tablespoon of baking soda. I pumped about 300 ml into my butt before cuddling into my bed. It took a minute, but pretty soon I felt my belly roll and gurgle and cramp. It felt wonderful and bubbly and kind of painful. I was only able to nurse my achy belly for a couple minutes before emptying my bowls. It was a lot. :3

I want to do more of this today. I think I’ll do an enema again to see if I can get another achy belly and hold it for longer this time. I want to be able to hold stuff like that for more than a few minutes.

